autotickangles for axes with tickson="boundaries" or showdividers=true (#6967)
plotly/plotly.js: draftlogs/6967_fix.md

>  - Apply autotickangles also on axes with tickson='boundaries' or showdividers=true [[#6967](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/6967)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fix applying `autotickangles` on axes with `showdividers` as well as cases where `tickson` is set to "boundaries" [[#6967](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/6967)],
  with thanks to @my-tien for the contribution!
```
